kamilla the camel felt like a frump she
hated her looks on account of her hump
whatever she wore it never hung right
she thought that she looked up peculiar
sight now every year a big summer ball
was held in the grounds of the Tangier
Town Hall kamila just dreaded this
annual event for all of the fashionable
animals went they looked fine so chic
and so smart she felt quite dowdy no
work of art the mayor announced the date
of the ball he told them this year is
the most fish of all
a handsome young count with a top
pedigree will open our party without
charging of thee the whole town must
come all dressed in their best and show
off in front of our special young guests
Camilla was filled with dismay and
despair Oh mother she wailed I've got
nothing to wear they went to the shops
no dress could be found to go over or
under her wobbly mound
but when a crisis occurs all mothers
know best and Camilla's mother rose to
the test she purchased some curtains
with big polka dots and cut them to fit
around the difficult spots the result
was unusual not fashionable at all but
her mom said you'll be quite the belle
of the ball when kamila arrived she
stood to one side in her silly old frock
she just wanted to hide but the mayor
had news for the folks of the town our
count is not coming his car's broken
down he's stuck in the desert a long way
from here if we cannot help him where
countless I fear many ideas said the
mayor looking around the desert is
dangerous the count must be found and
Camilla stepped forward saying I'll have
a go I'm built for the desert as I'm
sure you must know for miles I can
travel without water or rest
so I Camilla will rescue our guest
the crowd they all cheered as Camila
rang her hump filled up like a great
water tank then off she sloshed to the
desert she bound a brave little camel
she didn't look round she travelled for
hours through a sandstorm the Sun it
beat down it was ever so warm at last
she heard a loud angry voice from under
the hood of a shiny rolls-royce how do
you do
Camila said which surprised the count he
banged his head it was so funny
they both just laughed the count
admitted he felt quite daft they
galloped and laughed the stars shone
above by the time they got back they had
fallen in love they danced at the party
- cheers and applause the count told
Camila
I'm totally yours soon after that they
married in style and Camila is happy she
can't help but smile so life is bliss
and Camilla's a star for the count often
tells her you're perfect as you are